# Python_Text_Adventure_Game
The text adventure game is coded in python and it is based on a Dan Brown's novel - Angels and Demons.
Text Adventure Game (Angels and Demons)
1.1  Introduction
Angels and Demons is a game based on a novel by Dan Brown called Angels and Demons. As a result of the murder of a physicist, Father Silvano Bentivoglio, a symbolist, Robert Langdon, and a scientist, Vittoria Vetra, embark on an adventure involving a secret brotherhood, the Illuminati. Clues lead them all around the Vatican City, including the four altars of science, Earth, Air, Fire, and Water. An assassin, working for the Illuminati, has captured four cardinals, and murdered three. Robert and Vittoria are also searching for a cannister that is a new destructive weapon that could kill millions of people if it explodes.

The goal of the player is to stop the cannister from exploding and killing millions of people as well as finding the insider that gave the assassin access to the cardinals.

1.1.1  Stage 1
In stage 1 the player needs to first agree to play the game, then agree to help the guard. Once they agree to help the Swiss Guard, they will be taken to the Vatican City where they'll need access to the Vatican Archives in order to find the Bound Volume. The Bound has clues that will lead them to the church of Illumination where the cannister is hidden. If they take permission before entering the archives, they proceed to get the key if they decide to sneak into the archives, they will be arrested and lose the game. The key is random numbers, if they guess the correct number, they proceed to stage 2. Otherwise, they have 3 attempts before they lose the game. However, if they lose at any point in stage 1, they will be asked if they want to try again. If they decide to try again, it will take them back to the beginning of stage 1.

1.1.2  Stage 2
The user is now in the Vatican Archives and they found the Bound. They found a page with the clue but they don't have time to read it in the archives. If they decide to steal the page, they proceed to the step where they have to choose the first element in the altar of science. However, if they decide to steal the whole book, it will trigger the archives alarm and the guard will run after them. They can either run or fight the guard. If they fight the guard, they lose the game, if they run, they proceed to the next step where they need to choose the first element that will lead them to the church. The first element will be generated randomly and if they select they guess it correctly, they are through to stage 3. If not, they have 2 attempts before they lose the game. They will be asked if they want to try again, if they want to try again, they will start from stage 2, if not, the game ends.

1.1.3  Stage 3
In the final stage, things gets a bit more intense.There is an option to roll a dice and skip stage 3, if the player gets a double, they skip stage 3. If not, the player needs to decide if they want to continue or not. If they continue, they proceed to the church of illumination, if not, the game ends. The player is now in the Church of Illumination and they found the cannister but they don't have enough time. They can either change the cannister battery or evacuate the cannister from the city. If they decide to change the battery, they lose the game, if they decide to evacuate the cannister, they proceed to the next step. They need to decide if they want to drive the cannister out of the city or fly it out. If they drive it out, they lose but if they fly it out, they proceed to the next step. Since the Camerlengo can fly, they can let him fly or wait for the Swiss guard to get there. If they decide to wait for the guard, they lose but if they let the Camerlengo fly, they proceed to the next step. The final step now they need to find the insider who gave the assassin access to the conclave. Only two people could have done that. The head of the Swiss guard or the Camerlengo. If they go with head of the Swiss guard, they lose. If they go with the Camerlengo, they win. The plot twist is that since the Camerlengo was so helpful, no one will suspect him. They can decide to play again or quit. If they lose in this stage, they will need to start from stage 1 again.

1.2  References
Brown, D. (2000). Angels & demons. 1st large print ed. New York, Random House Large Print.

Angels & Demons (2009) - Plot - IMDb. (n.d.). Retrieved January 28, 2023, from https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0808151/plotsummary
